Release 2025.08.0 (#5635)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2025-okta-privileged-access/index.md

<!-- OKTA-922640 and OKTA-911729 pam_active_directory_rotate_now FF -->

#### Service Accounts API is EA

The new [Service Accounts API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/ServiceAccount/) is now available for Okta Privileged Access-enabled orgs. This API allows you to manage SaaS or On-Prem Provisioning (OPP) app accounts. App accounts that you create through the Service Accounts API are visible to resource admins in the Okta Privileged Access dashboard. See [Manage service accounts](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=saas-manage-service-accounts) in the Okta Privileged Access product documentation.

This feature is available only if you're subscribed to Okta Privileged Access. Ensure that you've set up the Okta Privileged Access app before creating app accounts through the API.
<!-- OKTA-926544 OKTA-982940 SERVICE_ACCOUNTS_AD -->

#### Search capability for Okta Privileged Access secrets

> Okta Privileged Access users can now search secrets and their folders. A new `search` query parameter is available for the [List top-level secret folder for a project](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/opa/opa/tag/secrets/#tag/secrets/operation/ListTopLevelSecretFoldersForProject) operation. End users can search for secrets or secret folders that they have access to by the secret name or description that contains a substring. <!-- OKTA-977918 OKTA-949368 OKTA-986952 secrets_search FF -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Okta Privileged Access users can now search secrets and their folders. A new `search` query parameter is available for the [List top-level secret folder for a user](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/opa/opa/tag/secrets/#tag/secrets/operation/ListTopLevelSecretFoldersForUser) operation. End users can search for secrets or secret folders that they have access to by the secret name or description that contains a substring. <!-- OKTA-977918 OKTA-949368 OKTA-986952 secrets_search FF -->
```
